CCloudify merge many streams (#838)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/merging/kstreams/markup/answer/short-answer.adoc

The input streams are combined using the `merge` function, which creates a new stream that represents all of the events of its inputs.

> The merged stream is then connected to the `to` method, which the name of a Kafka topic to send the events to.

Reviewer: nit fyc
```suggestion
The merged stream is forwarded to a combined topic via the `to` method, which accepts the topic as a parameter.
```
